Restructure fixes (#1739)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/content_management/content_management_api/section_api.md

---

> description: PHP API enables you to create Sections assign content to them as well as get various information about the Section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: PHP API enables you to create Sections, assign content to them as well as get various information about the Section.
```

---

# Section API

[Sections](admin_panel.md#sections) enable you to divide content into groups

> which can later be used e.g. as basis for permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which can later be used, for example, as basis for permissions.
```
